what
is this place what's your name honey uh
i'm joel
i teach middle school band got it go for
it
today started out as the best day of my
life
back here tonight first shows at seven
yes
you know what that's gonna say joe
gardner
i did it i got the gig
must have been sudden for you
oh my god
no it's the great before this is where
new souls get their personalities
quirks and interest before they go to
earth meet 22.
i don't want to go
hey look i already know everything about
earth and i don't want anything to do
with it
you're missing out on the joys of life
like uh pizza
i can't smell we can't we can't taste
either all that stuff is in your body
no smell no taste or touch see
okay i get it
wow it's my life
is all this living really worth dying
for
you're still alive can you help me get
back
no way there i am what are we waiting
for
this weed what is it 151 000 souls going
to the great beyond every day
and i count every single one of them
the count's off
huh